Annapareddy Krishna Reddy
Atlanta · Krishnareddy1996ss@gmail.com · 4709576044 ·
https://www.linkedin.com/in/krishna-reddy-739805133/
Education
Georgia State University, J.Mack Robinson College of Business Atlanta, GA
MS in Computer Information Systems in Big Data Analytics GPA: 4.0 Jan 2023 - Dec 2023
Army Institute of Technology Pune, India
BE in Electronics and Communications Engineering GPA: 3.2 July 2014 - July 2018
Work Experience
Georgia State University (EBCS) Atlanta
Graduate Research Assistant January 2023 - Present
• Part of a large research group with more than 35 universities contributing in the advancement of
Machine Learning and Cybersecurity
• Using Data Analytics to develop meaningful visualizations from the data exrtracted from web with
Python and Tableau.
• Retrieving and processing the data from Dark Web to prevent people from getting scammed in variuos
illegal activities.
• Developing an automated process to collect and process data from Deep and Dark Web.
Tango Analytics Bangalore, India
Software Implementation Engineer April 2021 - December 2022
• Devised and implemented ERP based software to help 5 Big enterprises manage complicated Leasing
System Data.
• Developed an module on Oracle Application Development Framework to show the Real time bidding
data.
• Managed 3 Virtualization softwares using Azure Infrastructure and was involved in Network Diagnosis
on a regular basis.
• Interacted with 5 clients on a regular basis to understand actual needs and make particular module
more client specific.
Self Employed(Tutor) Hyderabad, India
Self Employed(Tutor) February 2020 - March 2021
• Took 1 year break from work to prepare for PhD Entrance (For CSIR JRF in Mathematics).
• Completed 4 Mathematics courses including Linear & Vector Algebra, Probability and Statistics, ODE
& PDE and Real Analysis from NPTEL (Government Portal).
• Tutored 8 young children in Maths, including students in High School.
• Volunteered for an NGO and took Math classes on weekends for needful Children.
Accops Systems Pvt LTD Pune, India
Software Engineer June 2018 - January 2020
• Designed full end to end Virtualization applications using C#, Javascript, SQL and CSS.
• Built 2 Windows services and 4 WPF forms embedded in a Virtualization software.
• Took a lead and launched a Reporting tool to get more insights on Virtual Machines average usage on
ELK Stack.
• Visited upto 6 client locations ranging from Indian Space Research Organisation to Mercedes Benz, to
understand and build client specific applications.
Skills
Programming Languages: Python, Javascript, PL SQL, C#, C++, C, R, CSS, HTML, PySpark
Cross Functional Capabilities: Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, VMWare, MS SQL, Hadoop
Tools Hands-On: Tableau, Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, GCP, Databricks, Power BI
Concepts & Algorithms: MVC, Data Structures, Bootstrap, Data Visualization, Cloud Engineering
Technologies: Big Data Analytics, Virtualization, Windows Administration, ERP Systems
Projects & Certifications
Popularity prediction of Posts and Questions on Stack Exchange using R and Python with ML
Python, R, ML Algorithms, Tensorflow, Keras, Neural Network, Word Cloud
Utilized R and Python with machine learning techniques to predict the popularity of posts and questions on
Stack Exchange. Developed models that analyzed content, user engagement, and community interactions to
estimate potential popularity. Applied data analysis skills and leveraged the power of machine learning
libraries to optimize content strategy and increase user engagement. Contributed to the vitality and growth of
the Stack Exchange platform by providing insights and recommendations based on predictive analysis.
Telecom Churn Prediction using ML Python, ML Algorithms, Neural Network, Ensemble Models,
SMOTE ENN
Built an Telecom customer churn prediction model using different Machine Learning Algorithms and Neural
network. Achieved an Accuracy of more than 94%. Applied advanced Algorithms like SMOTE ENN for
upsampling the data and getting more suitable and accurate results.
Braille Spark Python, BeagleBone Black, Embedded C, Fedora, VHDL
https://github.com/users/Krishna-444-dev/projects/1
BRAILLE SPARK is a Reprogrammable and Refreshable Braille script mechanism created by us, involving
Servo motors and Beagle Bone Black, having a version of linux and is programmed on Python. A cheap and
affordable alternative for the Visually Impaired to read books and other kinds of digital documents on
internet.
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Agile Methodology, Scrum, SDLC
Scrum Alliance
C# for Professionals C#, MVC
Microsoft Virtual Academy
Embedded Design Embedded C
Texas Instruments
PLC & SCADA PLC, SCADA
Allen Bradley
Awards
Star Performer of the Year Tango Analytics
The award was given as a recognition of outstanding performance spanning more than a year. May 2022
Best short term Impact created Accops Systems Pvt LTD
The award was given after building detailed client specific softwares and receiving various appreciations from
national and international companies December 2019
Certificate of Merit COEP's Bhau Institute of Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Leadership
Received 7th prize in All India open Innovation challenge conducted by BHAU a Central government
organization for project called Braille Spark. October 2017